INTRO:
Heave lads. Ho lads
Forget the comfort of home – you’re a nomad
We’ve lost so much since we first started
Are our hearts cold – or are we cold hearted?
So pray to your lord or your foreman
That the sun might rise in the morning
They told us hell was warm
But our empire fell for shelter from the -

VERSE 1:
Storm’s coming. Storm came. Storm will come again
Tempest upon tempest till what’s left to let the tundra claim?
Useless to dispute should you be hoping for somеone to blame
Hubris from the day thosе walls arose – by any other name
We burned the very best of us to cast us into flame
And when the skies denied us we still marched on all the same
Through night and day we’d fight to stay alight against the ice’s reign
And blindly claim the price we’d pay was worth what we became
We sacrificed and sacrificed and what have we to show?
A baren land of arid ice where not a seed will grow
When Mother Nature came for us, took Fahrenheit below
We sanctioned plights of matricide and blackened skies with smoke
We grafted our salvation – Twisted iron into spires
Through disaster and starvation – bled her veins to light the fires
Each building block a tinderbox - how fitting it transpire
The ending of an empire be reduced to just the pyre
PRE CHORUS:
Autumn leaves – on the ground
Auburn, green, golden brown
Lost to freeze – stories now
Just as we – fallen down

CHORUS 1:
Stoke the fires, give your last, keep the flame of all we’ve known
For when heaven left us helpless, we built shelter of our own
But the heart and hearth are darkened where an endless storm has blown
Cling to every dying ember and remember warmth of home

May we all rise together – lest we all fall apart
May our city stand – our promised land – our refuge from the dark
May we survive the weather – though the forecast be stark
So heavy hang the many hands we pledge to steer the ark
Through the storm

VERSE 2:
United in conviction – forge a path at any cost
A future for our children built no matter what was lost
Yet perfidious of vision left that mission to attrition
Fetid grip of man’s ambition rearisen from the frost

Come my sisters, come my brothers! Some respect amongst your kin!
Why, for all this air and bluster, we’re no better than the wind!
For the ice beneath this tundra is getting all too thin
And lives outside of this rotunda hang on what’s declared within!
To each the spoils of grit and toil – the worthiest shall rise!
But each on earth has equal worth when seen through heaven’s eyes!
Time honoured ways are what shall take us all to warmer skies
The path we took is past - through new ideas salvation lies!
The right of man’s to fight the land – rebuild the world that fell!
The world we knew was born anew – so must we be as well!
His guiding hand – divine of plan – seeds hope in every knell
What seeds will grow in bed of hope? We must progress ourselves!
A future born in fruitless scorn – such human flaw would leave
Disputes so worn as uniform, should feuds so thaw the freeze
When schools of thought make rules of law make tools of war decreed
What hubris wrought when boon it bought’s a rubric for debris?

PRE CHORUS:
Autumn leaves – on the ground
Auburn, green, golden brown
Lost to freeze – stories now
Just as we – fallen down

CHORUS 2:
Stoke the fires, give your last, keep the flame of all we’ve known
For when heaven left us helpless, we built shelter of our own
But the heart and hearth are darkened where an endless storm has blown
Cling to every dying ember and remember warmth of home

May we all rise together – lest we all fall apart
May our city thrive – our people strive for futures we might chart
May we survive the weather – though the forecast be stark
But discord thrives when laws decide which thoughts must guide the ark
Through the storm

BRIDGE:
Each citizen’s resilience was given with the lie
That each shiver would deliver us deliverance in time
But dissonance and dissidence have driven us to schism
Just like Sisyphus, the myth of us v never ending clime
No fillibuster preserves us from temperature's decline
No division cut so deep as those down lines where laws are signed
So the Militant, the Penitent, entrenched against their fellow men
Forgetting that the elements care not how you align
VERSE 3:
Without the heart the blood will start to freeze at but a chill
The ichor piped to give us light will cease at colder still
But if we were to summary our great and grand discoveries
The nub would be we found the freezing point of human will
There's not the time for tears when all that's dear's against the wall
They streak the face and freeze in place 'fore they've the grace to fall
If each a flake unique in shape is beauty framed in squall
What leap of faith to dream our place was not beneath them all?

For what is man but animal in all but face and name?
No fang but sharp of mandible when chanced to stake a claim
We rage and fight against the night but sun still fades the same
So each convinced of rite and right we buck from fate in vain
Feed the strong that they may prosper – feed the weak may they revive
Loose the gates to save the lost or keep the heat for those inside
Crush dissenters, hush and censor or let free expression thrive
Just to let it flourish – end up one more creed to wrench the knife

LET IT BURN, I SAY
Rend it all to ash and dust
For as fools we are as fuel
It is our nature to combust
Man – so blessed engine
Grinds and churns and screams and lusts
Its lustre faded now since autumn eve
That God did leave to rust

OUTRO:
Autumn leaves – on the ground
Auburn, green, golden brown
Lost to freeze – stories now
Just as we – fallen down
Has the branch cause to grieve
As leaves dance on the breeze?
Who so cast, mourn the tree
When autumn leaves

OUTRO (SPOKEN POETRY):
"So careful of the type?" but no
From scarped cliff and quarried stone
She cries, "A thousand types are gone:
I care for nothing, all shall go."

"Thou makest thine appeal to me:
I bring to life, I bring to death:
The spirit does but mean the breath:
I know no more." And he, shall he

Man, her last work, who seem'd so fair
Such splendid purpose in his eyes
Who roll'd the psalm to wintry skies
Who built him fanes of fruitless prayer

Who trusted God was love indeed
And love Creation's final law —
Tho' Nature, red in tooth and claw
With ravine, shriek'd against his creed

O life as futile, then, as frail!
O for thy voice to soothe and bless!
What hope of answer, or redress?
Behind the veil, behind the veil